Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Lauren Johnston: Okay. Hi.
Lauren Johnston: Hi.
Lauren Johnston: How are you, I'm good, how are you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm doing great. So I'm Jill Kirby, I'll be your nurse practitioner.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I've been a nurse practitioner for 15 years
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And addiction medicine for about the past three and a half years.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I've got your chart open on my laptop. So if you see me looking down, it's just because I'm like taking a note or something so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I have to write things down, otherwise I they go right out of my head.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So can you tell me a little bit about yourself.
Lauren Johnston: So, um, so I've been in treatment for about three years myself now. I just moved to Ohio from Florida.
Lauren Johnston: I'm, I'm, I've been established with my doctor down there for a while and came up here to try to get established obviously
Lauren Johnston: With a new doctor because I'm moving up here.
Lauren Johnston: And no one wants to take my insurance around these parts anywhere here and my friend referred me to you guys and the same insurances
Lauren Johnston: And
Lauren Johnston: But anyways, yeah. So I've been. I've been sober for a few years now going on three years. And obviously, with the hope of Suboxone
Lauren Johnston: Man, I, I'm a mother of four children. I just got hired two days ago. So finally, at my job. Like I said, I just moved up here, almost a button once now.
Lauren Johnston: Wow. Yeah. And yeah, so I'm excited to get back to work and get back to the normal see a life. How was all this craziness going on right now though.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't know.
Lauren Johnston: how normal it will get but hopefully soon.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what part of Florida you from
Lauren Johnston: The treasure coast. So, like, an hour, give or take us north of like Palm Beach Lauderdale area.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, I've got to ask why Ohio.
Lauren Johnston: Well, there's family up here and it's much cheaper to live up here. So I came down to not being able to afford the rent and stuff in Florida, so
Lauren Johnston: Me go where it's where we can all live and actually have a decent life, you know, and be struggling
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what. Tell me about your job.
Lauren Johnston: So I'm a GM at long john Silver's down the street from my house. I've been a manager for a few years, I've been in the restaurant industry, my whole life since I was 16 years old.
Lauren Johnston: kind of worked my way up the ladder and just the last few years, I've been in manager. I was running and I have
Lauren Johnston: Lived in Florida.
Lauren Johnston: And
Lauren Johnston: End up having my third kid. This was two years ago. So I had my third child and I had to take a step back from that because it was very demanding and we're working 60 hours plus a week, and it was just too much. I had to take a step down and
Lauren Johnston: I took time off. Take care of my newborn and then I picked back up work just as a, like a shift leader position.
Lauren Johnston: At a party city.
Lauren Johnston: Down there, and then I let go. That to move up here and ready to try to get back in to
Lauren Johnston: You know, getting paid some decent money and being a manager up here. So it's not for corporate setting is for franchise. So it should be a little more lacks to lead back, so I'm excited. You know, and it's a little fast food.
Lauren Johnston: You know place. Yeah, like a whole big restaurant, by all means, so
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, I think it'll be good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I like I'm from Ohio. I like long john Silver's so Columbus area.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, yeah, it's not too far.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I'm, I'm, I've got a check your like prescribing report.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Where we do anything. So what was your zip code where you lived in Florida.
Okay.
Lauren Johnston: But my doctors that I don't know if you need that were my doctor was is the difference of code.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just double check. So yeah, I found just so I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let's see. Dr. Alexander Martin.
hyphenated last name.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, that was the doctor, I saw up here.
Lauren Johnston: I got a two weeks of live room.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh yeah, this
Lauren Johnston: Is cash online. She don't think insurance.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Uh huh. So it does it's not pulling anything from Florida.
Lauren Johnston: That's weird.
Lauren Johnston: You have to go like on a different site or something, maybe years that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There in our system. Let me see 34952
Lauren Johnston: Or I can give you a low. It should just go by my mailing address right
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, that's what it goes by.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: 221988
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How old are your children.
Lauren Johnston: I have a 10 year old a six, a three year old and
Lauren Johnston: A newborn and just had a baby, a month ago. So last and final on
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Wow, you got your hands full. I'd say
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, um, let's just talk a little bit about your general medical health history. Are you allergic to any medications.
Lauren Johnston: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you sensitive to any medicine like Does anything make your stomach upset or give you a headache, anything like that.
Lauren Johnston: No, um, I'd say some antibiotics do amoxicillin 10 and manage Dylan again.
Lauren Johnston: Made my stomach upset.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Okay. Have you ever been hospitalized.
Lauren Johnston: Um, long, long, long time ago. As far as like for physical injury or anything. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah for anything.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, back in 2007 I was hospitalized that surgery got into a car accident broke my jaw.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, sorry to hear that. Not, not okay.
Lauren Johnston: I was in there for a week.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take any other prescription medications.
Lauren Johnston: Besides the ones that are listed. No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Well, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have any problems with heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, anything like that.
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Lung issues like asthma emphysema.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No, no. Any problems with your stomach like ulcers irritable bow, constipation, nausea,
Lauren Johnston: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any skin issues, eczema, psoriasis.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever been diagnosed with like anxiety or depression or suicide.
Lauren Johnston: Fine dining
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, what do you do for your anxiety.
Lauren Johnston: Well I, I take medication when needed.
Lauren Johnston: Prescribed and
Lauren Johnston: You know, go and I it's a lot of
Lauren Johnston: Triggered by like stress can trigger it on. I try to do coping mechanisms.
Lauren Johnston: Or do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Patients are you taking for that.
Lauren Johnston: Closer. Bam.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so about how often do you take it once.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A week
Lauren Johnston: Mom, Mom. Every day once to twice a day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. And how long have you been taken that like
Lauren Johnston: Couple of years.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Any problems with depression.
Lauren Johnston: Not gone you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have not ever been diagnosed with that.
Lauren Johnston: Whenever really been diagnosed with that, but I know I've had trouble with it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any suicidal or homicidal thoughts.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No. Okay. Ever been diagnosed with
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hepatitis or HIV.
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The smoke.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes, marijuana or just cigarettes.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Cigarettes. Okay. And so what was your drug of choice that you were hooked on
Lauren Johnston: Paying paying bills.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like nor codes or
Lauren Johnston: Cotton's or what yeah oxy cotton.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were you injured or you just started
Lauren Johnston: You know, really. Once I got into a car accident broke my jaw and got a script payment. Isn't it kind of went off from there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, yeah. So just a joke, give you any problems now.
Lauren Johnston: No, not yet. Thank God.
Lauren Johnston: The doctor did say that have severe arthritis in there and but so far it's been fine. I have a lot of teeth issues that stem from it but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you will you seat belt it
Lauren Johnston: I know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So did you go through the windshield.
Lauren Johnston: Not through it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just, just hit it really bad.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Face have to wire your gel shot for a while or
Lauren Johnston: When I was too young at the time. So they didn't have to. They wired like a group of teeth together to hold the bones heal.
Lauren Johnston: And then they put a plate and four screws in my job or
Lauren Johnston: Yes, it was not on the worst.
Lauren Johnston: probably six months of my life.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I could, yeah. I could see why. And I could see why you're have teeth issues from that because that's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not that's not a good place right there.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, they keep that it like they're supposed to have died and the X rays. You can see where the roots has just gone. Surprisingly, I still have those ones. They're all the other ones. So yeah, it's just a lot of sensitivity in that area now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you doing any therapy or counseling on a routine basis or were you doing any of that, and Florida.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, I was doing that in Florida. I went to any meetings law down for now. I haven't been able to get that established up here. So yeah, those are all my intentions and trying to get back
Lauren Johnston: To normal mental
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah and now with all the pandemic going on.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, I don't think anybody's meeting in person, I believe, everybody's online.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Recovery or what bright health heart does is we meet online and group meetings with group therapy and those meetings are Wednesdays at 10am
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Every Wednesday at 10am you'll come to group and meet and it'll be myself and a therapist and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Other patients from Ohio, who are going through similar things. And that's how we do our therapy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Away. We know that you know you're in therapy and studies show that participating in therapy really does impact your sobriety and it makes it much more successful.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So just make sure when you come to group that you're in an area that's private so that other people can't hear what what's going on in the group. And, you know, can't hear your conversation.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just kind of been maintain that that privacy for the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what questions do you have for me as of right now, just yet.
Lauren Johnston: Just the, the group meaning thing with me. I haven't started the job yet so it's not going to be a problem, but I'm just worried that I might come in between.
Lauren Johnston: Become an issue. Hopefully that might be one of my days off. I'm just not sure just right so right yeah nation. Thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, there are some other Ohio meetings. I'm not sure their dates and times. So when that gets or when you find out your schedule, let us know. We can work on it from there.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Great. So how are you managing with being newly moved up here, you've got the four kids, and the newborn and then you you know you're in this mess of being locked down. How, how are you doing with all that
Lauren Johnston: Well, I have an amazing partner, he's my boyfriend, father of all of my children not legally married, but we've been together for a while and he's a really great support system for me. That's one.
Lauren Johnston: And two, just, you know, from where I came from. In my recovery. I've been clean for a few years now, you know, and, and I'm pretty sure and myself, and I just keep going. Everything dig one day at a time is really all that I do, to be honest with you. So
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay yeah that's that's a lot on your plate. That's a lot of changes in a short amount of time so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, make sure it sounds like you do have some support, and that's wonderful. And it sounds like, like you said, Y'all have been together for a while. So that sounds like a steady relationship. So that's great.
Lauren Johnston: That's great. Yeah, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you from Ohio then are you from Florida.
Lauren Johnston: He's from Ohio.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so he said, come here to this beautiful
Lauren Johnston: Known four seasons cold.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I love you. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We've got this, we can make this work.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, and the kids are kind of happy. Actually, I think they're gonna like
Lauren Johnston: The seasons changing and stuff. My older sister MOVED UP TO MICHIGAN SHE ACTUALLY only three hours from me now. So, and she really enjoys it. She raised her you know is raising her kids up here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And yeah.
Lauren Johnston: And it's kind of anywhere really, you know, like when I lived in Florida, we take for granted for the beach. I'd ever go to the beach.
Lauren Johnston: To the beach and years, you know, and it's like kind of that kind of thing, you know. So I think that will be new for us, you know, this is the first year probably are familiar
Lauren Johnston: We excited about all the seasons. Have your kids seen snow.
Lauren Johnston: They were excited the entire drive up here. We saw a little spots of it and West Virginia. And then when we finally got here. There was a little snow on the ground at night. We've seen it a couple times, but not too much.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Weight. You see it that the first snow.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The first snowfall is always exciting.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Then by January, you're just like, Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm done. Okay, it's good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's white it's slick. It's called and I'm good.
Lauren Johnston: To know we're good.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So let me make sure I've got the right pharmacy and the hair for you.
Lauren Johnston: You know, I double checked it and everything because like I said I'm nude up here. I'm new to this insurance. I'm like, freaking out of just trying to make sure that everything is in its
Lauren Johnston: Place, because I don't want to jeopardize their mess anything up. I'm trying to get all of this taken care of. Like I said, I can get back to normal and
Lauren Johnston: as normal as I can be. And yeah, I double checked with them and they take my insurance so I'm happy about that. Just hope everything can be smooth sailing from here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so I have the Walgreens, is that the pharmacy, you want to use.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, it's like 1000
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Park Avenue.
Lauren Johnston: Park Avenue. Yeah, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Um, so I will send in your medication to there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have any other questions that's come to mind. So it's just we've just been
Lauren Johnston: Talking just not do I need, are you guys able to prescribe me my clonazepam also or do I have to seek a different doctor for that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I will be honest with you. This is my third week with this company. So I'm not exactly sure on the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Other policy on that. So I've got that wrote down to double check.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. And the other problem I'm having is trying to find you are prescribing history so
Lauren Johnston: So there was um well i i don't know maybe if it's not 34952 I mean my address I had it forwarded to my mother's house. I don't know if that makes a difference if I should give you my most recent that i know i mean i give you three different zip codes, if that helps.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I just tried to refresh my screen. Is that what helping in it didn't. So I got to put your information back then.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so yeah. Give me try is a difference of code.
Lauren Johnston: Okay try 349579 would be the most recent as far as like mail for dating goes and
Lauren Johnston: All that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now,
Lauren Johnston: There's 34982 and I want to say my doctor might still have that address. It is the one in Florida might have had that always still there and never changed my address with them possibly
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We using the Walgreens down there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No, no. What was your pharmacy that you were using
Lauren Johnston: It's called Eastport pharmacy, because they'll fax over everything you need is we need to do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I can find out what they were using
To
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To get them.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To. Okay. I think my computer went to sleep.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, well, I will work on that and see what I can figure out, um,
Lauren Johnston: Yeah work pharmacy and get their phone number. Indeed, it
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me go back here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A few other phone number, that would be great. Send me a truck step.
Lauren Johnston: Up. Yeah, yeah.
Lauren Johnston: My have an old Bob on here.
Lauren Johnston: It is, I got it 807 26772 area code. I'm sorry.
Lauren Johnston: Okay 807 267
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, so yeah, I'll find out about that and we'll let you know.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And maybe you'll tomorrow for the group. You'll it'll be another zoom room just like this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah, make sure you log in or, you know, go through the virtual clinic and log into that.
Lauren Johnston: So I use the one the first code that they give me right the seven for a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It'll be a different code for tomorrow because it's in the it's in the therapist room. It's not in my room. It's in our
Lauren Johnston: Okay, Indian give that to me before we and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: They'll give it to you tomorrow.
Lauren Johnston: Oh, they'll call me in the morning or something.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well, when you when you access the virtual clinic.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Mm hmm. They'll give it to you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, yeah, I don't
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because they have to give it to me. I'm not sure what her number.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Still kind of learning of us do so.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No problem. Okay. All right. Well, thank you so much. It was nice speaking with you today. I appreciate you taking the time out and I will see you tomorrow.
Lauren Johnston: Yes, thank you. Do you know how long. Typically, it takes at the pharmacy for them to receive any prescription
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Most what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Pharmacies do we send them electronically and so most pharmacies checks those electronic submissions.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Every 30 minutes
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So they'll check it in about 30 minutes so probably in about an hour and a half.
Lauren Johnston: Okay, as long as it doesn't take days.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, no, no, no. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: All right, thank you so much. It was nice meeting you. I will hear
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You. Okay, thanks.
Lauren Johnston: Thank you.
Bye.